EDU-3400: Update Nexus docs (#3196)
temporalio/documentation: docs/encyclopedia/nexus.mdx

:::tip RESOURCES
- [Go SDK - Nexus quick start and code sample](/develop/go/nexus)
- [Java SDK - Nexus quick start and code sample](/develop/java/nexus)
:::

## Preserves benefits of EDA at runtime

Nexus uses the Temporal queue-based Worker architecture to provide the benefits of an Event-Driven Architecture (EDA) at runtime.
If a Nexus Service is down, a caller Workflow can continue to schedule Nexus Operations and the Nexus Machinery guarantees at-least-once execution.
The Nexus Machinery uses state-machined-based invocation and completion callbacks; and will retry the Operation on the caller Workflow's behalf.

## Queue-based Worker architecture

Nexus uses the Temporal queue-based Worker architecture to ensure reliable execution and automatic load balancing for Nexus Operations.
When a caller Workflow schedules a Nexus Operation, Temporal atomically transfers the Nexus request to a Nexus state machine responsible for [at-least-once](/nexus/operations#execution-semantics) invocation of the Nexus Operation.

> Workers authenticate to thier Namespace with supported methods including mTLS client certificates or API Keys in Temporal Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workers authenticate to their Namespace with supported methods including mTLS client certificates or API Keys in Temporal Cloud.
```

2. **PollNexusTaskQueue** \-
is used by the handler Worker to recieve a [Nexus Task](/workers#nexus-task) to process, for example to start a Nexus Operation.
3. **RespondNexusTaskCompleted** or **RespondNexusTaskFailed** \-
is used by the handler Worker to return the Nexus Task result.
[Asynchronous Nexus Operations](/nexus/operations) will return a Nexus Operation ID, that can be used to perform additional actions like canceling an Operation.
[Synchronous Nexus Operations](/nexus/operations#synchronous-operation-lifecycle) will return the Operation result directly.
The caller's Nexus Machinery recieves the result and records a [NexusOperation event](/references/events#nexusoperationstarted) in the caller's Workflow History.
4. **PollWorkflowTaskQueue** \-
is used by the caller Worker to recieve a Workflow Task with the [Nexus Operation event](/references/events#nexusoperationstarted) which may be Started, Completed, Failed, Canceled, or TimedOut.

## Built-in Nexus Machinery

The built-in [Nexus Machinery](/glossary#nexus-machinery) uses state-machine-based invocation and completion callbacks to guarantee at-least-once execution of Nexus Operations.

> It uses [Nexus RPC](/glossary#nexus-rpc) on the wire, a new protocol designed with Durable Execution in mind, to communicate across Namespaces within an Account.

Reviewer: Drop the "new" and the the notion of an account in a cloud agnostic page (replace etc... with your own words).

```suggestion
It uses [Nexus RPC](/glossary#nexus-rpc) on the wire, a protocol designed with Durable Execution in mind, to communicate across Namespaces, Clouds, etc...
```

Author: fixed

> Nexus RPC supports arbitrary-duration Operations that extend beyond a traditional RPC — a key underpinning to connect durable executions within and across Namespaces, clusters, and regions.

Reviewer: This can be merged into the previous section or you can at least omit the "to communicate across ..." part from it.

Author: good catch, fixed

Nexus connectivity across Namespaces is provided by the Temporal Service. 
Temporal Cloud supports Nexus connectivity [within and across regions](/cloud/nexus#multi-region-connectivity) and has [built-in access controls](/cloud/nexus#built-in-access-controls).
Self-hosted Nexus connectivity is supported within a single Cluster and [custom Authorizers](/self-hosted-guide/security#authorizer-plugin) may be used for access control.

## Build and use Nexus Services

Nexus has a familiar programming model to build and use Nexus Services using the Temporal SDK.
The [Nexus Operation lifecycle](/nexus/operations#operation-lifecycle) supports both [synchronous](/nexus/operations#synchronous-operation-lifecycle) and [asynchronous](/nexus/operations#asynchronous-operation-lifecycle) Operations.
It is suitable for low-latency and long-running use cases.
Nexus Operations can be implemented with Temporal primitives, like Workflows, or [execute arbitrary code](/nexus/operations#executing-arbitrary-code-from-a-sync-handler).

:::tip RESOURCES
- [Go SDK - Nexus quick start and code sample](/develop/go/nexus)
- [Java SDK - Nexus quick start and code sample](/develop/java/nexus)
:::

> ## Queue-based Worker architecture

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Queue-based Worker architecture

```

Workers authenticate to their Namespace's gRPC endpoint with supported methods including mTLS client certificates or API Keys in Temporal Cloud.

![NexusYourCloud](/img/nexus/nexus-workers-short.png)

See [system interactions](/nexus/operations/#system-interactions) for additional detail.

## Built-in Nexus Machinery

The built-in [Nexus Machinery](/glossary#nexus-machinery) uses state-machine-based invocation and completion callbacks.
It guarantees [at-least-once](/nexus/operations#execution-semantics) execution, with automatic retries, circuit breaking, rate limiting, and load balancing.

The Nexus Machinery uses [Nexus RPC](/glossary#nexus-rpc) on the wire, a protocol designed with Durable Execution in mind, to support arbitrary-duration Operations that extend beyond a traditional RPC.

For example, when you execute a Nexus Operation in a caller Workflow, a command is sent to Temporal to schedule the Operation, and the Nexus Machinery is responsible for making the Nexus RPC calls on your behalf.
This means you don't have to use Nexus RPC directly, only the Temporal SDK along with the Temporal Service.

> ## Multi-level calls

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Multi-level calls

```
